Now, FinTech is clearly
a global phenomenon,
and although much of the money
raised and deployed,
and many of the customers are
basically in the United States,
it will be completely
false to presume,
that most FinTech activity
today or in the future,
will be based in
the United States or involving
United States customers.
A simple look at the top
10 FinTech deals in 2018,
reveals that only about
40 percent of the deals done,
the largest deals, were
based in the United States.
The largest refinitiv, which
is a B2B platform which was
bought out with a base level
of $17 billion,
was indeed based in the US.
However, the Series C
funding round done by
Ant Financial which
was at $14 billion,
saw a Chinese company
take in the cash.
The third and fourth positions
were held by Wordpay and Nets,
at about 13 to 5.5 billion,
both in the UK and
Denmark respectively.
One in a purely M&A transaction.
The other, once again,
in a buyout funding round.
So in other words, it's not
just a Venture Capital space,
by the way of funding
it's a buyout space.
It's not just Venture Capital,
it's Private Equity,
and it's a global phenomenon,
40 percent in the US, the rest
seeing activity around the world.
Take China for example,
a large and developing market
for FinTech even today.
One of the top 5 deals
was specifically,
in fact the second was
Ant Financial in 2018,
and throughout the entire year,
we saw about $18.2
billion of additional funding
across Venture Capital,
Private Equity, and M&A deals.
This is once again
from the Pulse of
FinTech report from
a partner KPMG.
The pattern across time,
both by deal count
and capital invested,
follows the pattern
we saw in the US.
A general increase in
activity money flowing
into the space,
deal counts being
somewhat cyclical,
having a recent downturn but
a general upward average trend,
indicating ongoing
potential interest here,
once again, in China.
The UK, although on
an absolute basis larger
than we saw in China,
at about $20.7 billion
added up and in the aggregate
across the year,
also had a weaker 2018
than was seen over
the last several years.
Again, a positive upward
trend cyclicality in the funding,
reflecting the global
phenomenon of FinTech.
Europe, of course in the
aggregate larger than the UK,
about at the level of
the combination of
China and the UK,
saw about $34.2 billion.
Again, from the Pulse of
FinTech report from KPMG.
Same trend in increase
in the number of deals,
a bit of weakness in 2018,
cyclicality in the flows
reflecting varying
but positive demand.
Another important emerging area
within the FinTech cluster
is real estate technology.
The global market snapshot
of venture investments
reveals very interesting patterns
that correspond to what
we saw previously.
Namely, some measure
of weakness in 2018,
but historically
increasing deal flow.
NeueHouse, Juniper Square, Zesty,
raised between 13
and $30 million.
The median funding level
was three million dollars.
That was in December,
but the total funding
level of about a
$108 million as of
December of 2018 was
down dramatically,
from what we saw previously.
All that being said,
the global real estate
tech market is strong.
NeueHouse, Juniper Square,
Zesty, WhyHotel, Dazhu Facility,
Home Hero and so on,
have multiple approaches,
are globally represented,
not just in the United States
but East Coast and West Coast,
not just the United States
but China, Israel, India,
and the UK, globally targeting
technology in real estate,
B2B, B2C, and peer-to-peer.